# Cockpit Starter Kit

Scaffolding for a [Cockpit](http://www.cockpit-project.org) module.

# Building

Run `make` to build the package. It builds into the `dist` directory. Link or
copy that to a location were `cockpit-bridge` looks for packages.

`make install` compiles and installs the package in `/usr/share/cockpit/`. The
convenience targets `srpm` and `rpm` build the source and binary rpms,
respectively. Both of these make use of the `dist-gzip` target, which is used
to generate the distribution tarball. In `production` mode, source files are
automatically minified and compressed. Set `NODE_ENV=production` if you want to
duplicate this behavior.

# Testing

Run `make check` to build an RPM, install it into a standard Cockpit test VM
(centos-7 by default), and run the test/check-application integration test on
it. This uses Cockpit's Chrome DevTools Protocol based browser tests, through a
Python API abstraction. Note that this API is not guaranteed to be stable, so
if you run into failures and don't want to adjust tests, consider checking out
Cockpit's test/common from a tag instead of master (see the `test/common`
target in `Makefile`).

After the test VM is prepared, you can manually run the test without rebuilding
the VM, possibly with extra options for tracing and halting on test failures
(for interactive debugging):

    TEST_OS=centos-7 test/check-application -tvs

You can also run the test against a different Cockpit image, for example:

    TEST_OS=fedora-27 make check

# Vagrant

This directory contains a Vagrantfile that installs and starts cockpit on a
Fedora 26 cloud image. Run `vagrant up` to start it and `vagrant rsync` to
synchronize the `dist` directory to `/usr/local/share/cockit/starter-kit`. Use
`vagrant rsync-auto` to automatically sync when contents of the `dist`
directory change.

# Customizing

After cloning the Starter Kit you should rename the files, package names, and
labels to your own project's name. Use these commands to find out what to
change:

    find -iname '*starter*'
    git grep -i starter
